allow_system_table_mods|off|default
application_name|psql|client
archive_command|(disabled)|default
archive_mode|off|default
archive_timeout|0|default
array_nulls|on|default
authentication_timeout|60|default
autovacuum|on|default
autovacuum_analyze_scale_factor|0.1|default
autovacuum_analyze_threshold|50|default
autovacuum_freeze_max_age|200000000|default
autovacuum_max_workers|3|default
autovacuum_multixact_freeze_max_age|400000000|default
autovacuum_naptime|60|default
autovacuum_vacuum_cost_delay|20|default
autovacuum_vacuum_cost_limit|-1|default
autovacuum_vacuum_scale_factor|0.2|default
autovacuum_vacuum_threshold|50|default
autovacuum_work_mem|-1|default
backslash_quote|safe_encoding|default
bgwriter_delay|200|default
bgwriter_lru_maxpages|100|default
bgwriter_lru_multiplier|2|default
block_size|8192|default
bonjour|off|default
bonjour_name||default
bytea_output|hex|default
check_function_bodies|on|default
checkpoint_completion_target|0.5|default
checkpoint_segments|300|command line
checkpoint_timeout|3600|command line
checkpoint_warning|30|default
client_encoding|SQL_ASCII|default
client_min_messages|notice|default
cluster_name||default
commit_delay|0|default
commit_siblings|5|default
config_file|/data/sekondquad/dbt3/pgdataandres/postgresql.conf|override
constraint_exclusion|partition|default
cpu_index_tuple_cost|0.005|default
cpu_operator_cost|0.0025|default
cpu_tuple_cost|0.01|default
cursor_tuple_fraction|0.1|default
data_checksums|off|override
data_directory|/data/sekondquad/dbt3/pgdataandres|override
DateStyle|ISO, MDY|configuration file
db_user_namespace|off|default
deadlock_timeout|1000|default
debug_assertions|off|default
debug_pretty_print|on|default
debug_print_parse|off|default
debug_print_plan|off|default
debug_print_rewritten|off|default
default_statistics_target|1000|command line
default_tablespace||default
default_text_search_config|pg_catalog.english|configuration file
default_transaction_deferrable|off|default
default_transaction_isolation|read committed|default
default_transaction_read_only|off|default
default_with_oids|off|default
dynamic_library_path|$libdir|default
dynamic_shared_memory_type|posix|configuration file
effective_cache_size|26214400|command line
effective_io_concurrency|1|default
enable_bitmapscan|on|default
enable_hashagg|on|default
enable_hashjoin|on|default
enable_indexonlyscan|on|default
enable_indexscan|on|default
enable_material|on|default
enable_mergejoin|on|default
enable_nestloop|on|default
enable_seqscan|on|default
enable_sort|on|default
enable_tidscan|on|default
escape_string_warning|on|default
event_source|PostgreSQL|default
exit_on_error|off|default
external_pid_file||default
extra_float_digits|0|default
from_collapse_limit|8|default
fsync|on|default
full_page_writes|on|default
geqo|on|default
geqo_effort|5|default
geqo_generations|0|default
geqo_pool_size|0|default
geqo_seed|0|default
geqo_selection_bias|2|default
geqo_threshold|12|default
gin_fuzzy_search_limit|0|default
hba_file|/data/sekondquad/dbt3/pgdataandres/pg_hba.conf|override
hot_standby|off|default
hot_standby_feedback|off|default
huge_pages|try|default
ident_file|/data/sekondquad/dbt3/pgdataandres/pg_ident.conf|override
ignore_checksum_failure|off|default
ignore_system_indexes|off|default
integer_datetimes|on|default
IntervalStyle|postgres|default
join_collapse_limit|8|default
krb_caseins_users|off|default
krb_server_keyfile||default
lc_collate|C|override
lc_ctype|C|override
lc_messages|C|configuration file
lc_monetary|C|configuration file
lc_numeric|C|configuration file
lc_time|C|configuration file
listen_addresses|localhost|default
lo_compat_privileges|off|default
local_preload_libraries||default
lock_timeout|0|default
log_autovacuum_min_duration|0|command line
log_checkpoints|on|command line
log_connections|off|default
log_destination|stderr|default
log_directory|pg_log|default
log_disconnections|off|default
log_duration|off|default
log_error_verbosity|verbose|command line
log_executor_stats|on|command line
log_file_mode|0600|default
log_filename|postgresql-%Y-%m-%d_%H%M%S.log|default
log_hostname|off|default
log_line_prefix|%t [%p]: [%l-1] |command line
log_lock_waits|on|command line
log_min_duration_statement|-1|default
log_min_error_statement|error|default
log_min_messages|warning|default
log_parser_stats|off|default
log_planner_stats|off|default
log_replication_commands|off|default
log_rotation_age|1440|default
log_rotation_size|10240|default
log_statement|all|command line
log_statement_stats|off|default
log_temp_files|0|command line
log_timezone|UTC|configuration file
log_truncate_on_rotation|off|default
logging_collector|off|default
maintenance_work_mem|4194304|command line
max_connections|100|configuration file
max_files_per_process|1000|default
max_function_args|100|default
max_identifier_length|63|default
max_index_keys|32|default
max_locks_per_transaction|64|default
max_pred_locks_per_transaction|64|default
max_prepared_transactions|0|default
max_replication_slots|0|default
max_stack_depth|2048|environment variable
max_standby_archive_delay|30000|default
max_standby_streaming_delay|30000|default
max_wal_senders|0|default
max_worker_processes|8|default
password_encryption|on|default
port|5500|command line
post_auth_delay|0|default
pre_auth_delay|0|default
quote_all_identifiers|off|default
random_page_cost|4|default
restart_after_crash|on|default
row_security|on|default
search_path|"$user", public|default
segment_size|131072|default
seq_page_cost|1|default
server_encoding|SQL_ASCII|override
server_version|9.5devel|default
server_version_num|90500|default
session_preload_libraries||default
session_replication_role|origin|default
shared_buffers|1048576|command line
shared_preload_libraries||default
sql_inheritance|on|default
ssl|off|default
ssl_ca_file||default
ssl_cert_file|server.crt|default
ssl_ciphers|none|default
ssl_crl_file||default
ssl_ecdh_curve|none|default
ssl_key_file|server.key|default
ssl_prefer_server_ciphers|on|default
ssl_renegotiation_limit|524288|default
standard_conforming_strings|on|default
statement_timeout|0|default
stats_temp_directory|pg_stat_tmp|default
superuser_reserved_connections|3|default
synchronize_seqscans|on|default
synchronous_commit|on|default
synchronous_standby_names||default
syslog_facility|local0|default
syslog_ident|postgres|default
tcp_keepalives_count|0|default
tcp_keepalives_idle|0|default
tcp_keepalives_interval|0|default
temp_buffers|1024|default
temp_file_limit|-1|default
temp_tablespaces||default
TimeZone|UTC|configuration file
timezone_abbreviations|Default|default
trace_notify|off|default
trace_recovery_messages|log|default
trace_sort|off|default
track_activities|on|default
track_activity_query_size|1024|default
track_counts|on|default
track_functions|none|default
track_io_timing|off|default
transaction_deferrable|off|override
transaction_isolation|read committed|override
transaction_read_only|off|override
transform_null_equals|off|default
unix_socket_directories|/tmp|default
unix_socket_group||default
unix_socket_permissions|0777|default
update_process_title|on|default
vacuum_cost_delay|0|default
vacuum_cost_limit|200|default
vacuum_cost_page_dirty|20|default
vacuum_cost_page_hit|1|default
vacuum_cost_page_miss|10|default
vacuum_defer_cleanup_age|0|default
vacuum_freeze_min_age|50000000|default
vacuum_freeze_table_age|150000000|default
vacuum_multixact_freeze_min_age|5000000|default
vacuum_multixact_freeze_table_age|150000000|default
wal_block_size|8192|default
wal_buffers|2048|override
wal_keep_segments|0|default
wal_level|minimal|default
wal_log_hints|off|default
wal_receiver_status_interval|10|default
wal_receiver_timeout|60000|default
wal_segment_size|2048|default
wal_sender_timeout|60000|default
wal_sync_method|fdatasync|default
wal_writer_delay|200|default
work_mem|1048576|command line
xmlbinary|base64|default
xmloption|content|default
zero_damaged_pages|off|default
